README.md, before:

# _Roman Numeratorizorator_

#### _Turn integers into Roman numerals _

#### By _**Tony Fabery**_ & _**Sam Park**_

## Description

_This website will translate your numbers into Roman numerals._

## Specs
| Behavior        | Input           | Outcome  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| Able to output the closest single Roman numeral to the input number at position [0]    | 60 | L |
| If there is a smaller Roman numeral before V then said Roman numeral will subtract from V     |   4 | IV
| If there is a smaller Roman numeral after V then said Roman numeral will add to V  | 6     |    VI |
| If there is a smaller Roman numeral before the larger Roman numeral then said Roman numeral will subtract from larger  |  9    |    IX |
| If there is a larger Roman numeral before the smaller Roman numeral then said Roman numeral will add to larger | 11     |    XI   |
| A letter can be repeated only three times | 300     |    XXX |
| Only subtract powers of ten (I, X, or C, but not V, L, or D)   |   95 | XCV
| Do not subtract a number from one that is more than 10 times greater (that is, you can subtract 1 from 10 [IX] but not 1 from 20—there is no such number as IXX.)    | 99 | XCIX  |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository_
* _Open a HTML file_
* _Open web browser of choice_

## Known Bugs
* Protozoa
* Porifera
* Nemathelminthes
* Mollusca
* Arthropoda


## Support and contact details

_Tony Fabery: tfabery@gmail.com_
_Sam Park: sampark18@gmail.com._

## Technologies Used

* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _Bootstrap_
* _JavaScript_
* _jQuery_

### License

*This software is licensed under the MIT license.*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Mind Your Own Beeswax Inc._**

Commit message:

Spit out correct roman numerals for numbers up to the tens

README.md, after:

# _Roman Numeratorizorator_

#### _Turn integers into Roman numerals _

#### By _**Tony Fabery**_ & _**Sam Park**_

## Description

_This website will translate your numbers into Roman numerals._

## Specs
| Behavior        | Input           | Outcome  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| Input number is converted to X's and I's    | 32 | XXXII |
| The last digit will behave so that 4 will be IV |   4 | IV
| The last digit will behave so that between 8 and 5, it will be V plus the remainder of I's |       7 |    VII |
| The last digit will behave so that 9 will be IX |       9 |    IX |
| The second to last digit will behave so that 40 will be LX |       40 |    LX |
| The second to last digit will behave so that between 80 and 50, it will be L plus the remainder of X's |       60 |    LX |
| The second to last digit will behave so that 90 will be XC |       90 |    XC |
| The third to last digit will behave so that 400 will be CD |       400 |    CD |
| The third to last digit will behave so that between 800 and 500, it will be D plus the remainder of C's |       600 |    DC |
| The third to last digit will behave so that 900 will be CM |       900 |    CM |
| The fourth to last digit will behave so that 1100 will be MC |       1100 |    MC |


## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository_
* _Open a HTML file_
* _Open web browser of choice_

## Known Bugs
* Protozoa
* Porifera
* Nemathelminthes
* Mollusca
* Arthropoda


## Support and contact details

_Tony Fabery: tfabery@gmail.com_
_Sam Park: sampark18@gmail.com._

## Technologies Used

* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _Bootstrap_
* _JavaScript_
* _jQuery_

### License

*This software is licensed under the MIT license.*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Mind Your Own Beeswax Inc._**
